#summary The one-stop shop for all things variable
#labels Phase-Deploy,Type-Configuration,Featured

= Introduction =
From moving servers or changing names, the Configuration Manager tells the [FlumpnetRobot Flumpnet Robot] to go delving around into the Configuration Object and throw it onto one cramped little web page for you to get stuck into, and inevitably break.

= Details =
Unlike the [SetupWizard Setup Wizard], this page is 100% dynamic, and whenever a new variable is added, it will appear here. The variables are divided up into groups, based on what they do. This page basically contains a list of the groups and the variables within them, with links to more details about what each one does.

== Main Settings ==
  * [enabled#Main enabled]
  * [password#Main password]
  * [vat]
  * [country]
  * [shopMode]

== Site Paths and Directories ==
  * [root]
  * [secureRoot]
  * [path]
  * [offlineDir]
  * [logDir]

== Security Settings ==
  * [enabled#secure enabled]
  * [admin]

== Database Server Settings ==
  * [type]
  * [port]
  * [uname#database uname]
  * [password]
  * [name#database name]

== Advanced Server Configuration ==
  * [rewrite]
  * [holdTimeout]
  * [commitPayments]
  * [crawlerAgents]
  * [debug]

== Predefined Text Strings ==
  * [footer]
  * [adminDenied]
  * [crawler]
  * [maintenance]
  * [name#messages name]
  * [tagline]
  * [keywords]
  * [defaultCategoryName]
  * [defaultCategoryDesc]
  * [basketRemItemConf]
  * [basketEmptyConf]
  * [noScript]
  * [insufficientStock]
  * [featuredItemHeader]
  * [popularItemHeader]
  * [latestNewsHeader]
  * [technicalHeader]
  * [transactionCancelled]
  * [transactionFailed]
  * [paymentComplete]
  * [ajax500]
  * [ajax404]
  * [ajaxError]
  * [firstPage]
  * [lastPage]
  * [previousPage]
  * [nextPage]
  * [userNoCustomer]
  * [loginNeeded]
  * [countryNotSupported]
  * [email]
  * [address]
  * [404]
  * [homePage]
  * [privacyPolicy]
  * [disclaimer]
  * [termsConditions]
  * [aboutPage]
  * [contactPage]
  * [formFieldRequired]

== Server Log Files ==
  * [enabled#logs enabled]
  * [errors]

== PayPal Settings ==
  * [uname#paypal uname]
  * [pass#paypal pass]
  * [apiKey]

== Pagination Options ==

Hey, it's Lloyd. I hope you don't mind, but I decided to take a break here. This list isn't exactly a brief one. There's only three small categories left, which I'm sure you can figure out for yourselves.